Moscow tonight, we're here to interview the president of Russia, Vladimir Putin. We'll be doing that soon, Their risks to conduct taking an interview like this obviously. So we thought about it carefully over many months. Here's what we're doing it First because it's our job. We're in journalism. Our duty is to inform people Two years into a war. That's reshaping the entire world. Most Americans are not informed. They have no real ID. What's happening in this region here in Russia, or 600 miles away in Ukraine, But they should know they're paying for much of it in ways. They might not fully yet perceive The war in Ukraine is a human disaster. It's that hundreds of thousands of people dead an entire generation of young Ukrainians in his deep populated the largest country in Europe. But the long-term effects are even more profound. This war has utterly reshaped, the global military and trade alliances, And the sanctions that followed have as well. In total, they have upended the world economy, The post-world War II economic order, the system that guaranteed Prosperity in the west more than 80 years is coming apart, very fast and along with it. The dominance of the US dollar. These are not small changes. They are history. Altering developments, They will Define the lives of our grandchildren, Most of the world understands this perfectly. Well they can see it. Ask anyone in Asia the Middle East, what the future looks like. And yet, the populations of the English-speaking countries, seem mostly unaware. They think that is nothing has really changed and they think that because no one has told them. The truth, Their media Outlets are corrupt, they lie to their readers and viewers, and they do that mostly by omission. For example, since the day the war in Ukraine began. American Media Outlets have spoken to scores Of people from Ukraine and they've been scores of interviews with the Ukrainian president zielinsky. We ourselves to put a request for an interview with landscape. We hope he it saps But the interviews he's already done in the United States are not traditional interviews. They are fonding pep sessions. Specifically designed to amplify zielinski's demand that the U.S entry more deeply into a war in Eastern Europe and pay for it. That is not journalism. It is government propaganda Propaganda of the ugliest. Kind the kind that kills people At the same time, our politicians in media Outlets have been doing this Promoting a foreign leader, like he's Newton super brand. Not a single Western journalist, his father interview, the president of the other country involved in this conflict. Vladimir Putin. Most Americans have no idea. Why Putin invaded Ukraine or what does goals are now? We've never heard his voice. That's wrong Americans have right to know all they can about a war. They're implicated in and we have the right to tell them about it because we are Americans too Freedom. Speech is our Birthright. We were born with the right to say what? We believe That right? Cannot be taken away, no matter who is in the White House But they're trying. Anyway, Almost three years ago, the vitamination illegally spied on our text messages and then leave the contents to their servants. In the news media They did this in order to stop a Putin interview that we were planning Last month. For a pretty certainly did exactly the same thing once again. But this time we came to Moscow. Anyway, We are not here because we love Vladimir Putin. We are here because we love the United States but we want to remain prosperous and free We pay for this trip ourselves. We took no money from any government or group. Nor are we charging people to see the interview? It is not behind a paywall. Anyone can watch the entire thing. Shot live to tape an unedited on our website. Tucker. Carlson.com Elon Musk. His great credit has promised, not to suppress or block this interview. Once we coach it on his platform acts and we're grateful for that Western governments, by contrast will certainly do their best to censor this video on other less principal platforms because that's what they do. They were afraid of information. They can control, But you have no reason to be afraid of it. We are not encouraging. You to agree with what Putin may say in this interview, but we are urging you to watch it. You should know as much as you can and then like a free citizen and not a slave you can decide for yourself. Thanks. 
